okay I'm actually showing my face
I've actually showed my face before but
this is the first time on this channel I
should make this good my fist my backup
channel because that was a video thing
okay now if you see my last video you
saw me opening my charming chatty doll
was right here and she does kind of work
but she doesn't work work she makes some
noise
that you can hear her voice I haven't
had a pose of the clown doll by Mattel
from 1962 or three from the same time as
this doll was produced and that doesn't
make any noise except for a growling
noise so she makes some noise I'm gonna
I think it's a the problem is the timing
ring inside of her um it's a little ring
if you don't know well I think it's
gonna be the greatest day ever because I
went back outside of town hmm I wonder I
ordered this as well I was like hmm I
wonder now I can go on eBay and check to
see because I have actually this thing
figured out I'm saved and my bookmark
this HP auction makes my dad told me to
wait to get it but I saw ordered it on
Christmas so it's in complete collect
them I whine it and stores but it was
too expensive but looking on ebay
they're also expensive there's still
like the same price a lot really
oh okay up it is here you don't need
that
yeah and the bubble wrap this is easier
to open them turn the Teddy shut up dog
willow get down sorry
dogs and cats okay this seems complete
collection I heard it works on Windows 7
that's what I have so I'm hoping it's
right I don't know if this is disc 1
risk to this day this quick it has all
four desks like it should have with some
reason those extra spaces inside and
then there's the code I don't have the
manual but it has something from
Microsoft in here I'm not going to use
that I asked my dad what that is about
but see I don't know there's the code
there's Microsoft blah blah blah and we
have if you have to school one disk to
disk 3 and disk 4 and it says Best Buy
in the back of it hmm oh yeah so there's
that so yeah I wanted to make a lot to
play I tried doing it with my computer
because I thought I could because I can
record my desktop but when I tried
recording The Sims 3 when I tried making
a let's play it did not work at all it
was black you could hear my voice and
see my mouse but you could not hear you
cannot see what was going on
and I was kind of disappointed but now I
have this version of the sense I can
finally play all three versions I will
finally have played all three versions
after tonight I'm so glad this had come
before um New Year's because I'm having
my friend the tan 101 stay the night
hopefully we'll be making a video if we
do and we'll be playing this and we'll
be on pool Neagle which is a kind of
like chat roulette just for texting and
then there's also an option of web game
but don't do it unless you're yeah
just don't do it that's my face we're
just going to go on the chat the texting
one so yeah it comes with all the
expansion packs it's ready to teen 14
for comic mischiefs mature sexual themes
and mild violence look at these look at
these Sims just look at them tell me you
do not miss the classic Sims I've been
watching videos and I played seriously
these animals are getting on my nerves
but yeah so has a mouse I mean I'm clean
it's just I just need a haircut and it
needs to read dye job it doesn't look
like on the webcam looks like soap like
an webcam but no it just needs a bad job
so yeah um if I find out how to do a
let's play I will be doing a let's play
of this I'm gonna ask essence of truth
um how she did her videos I'm asking
several people um how did they do videos
and um she's actually the one who
inspired me to get this so essence of
truth this video as fun as I'm shutting
you out because you're an amazing
amazing some simmer thinks but it's
called sim player I absolutely love your
videos I've been following you since I
um be right around time since 3 came out
so in June of
2009 our number it was um delayed I
think that's the first time every game
been delayed in history but no I don't
know why they delayed it but you know
yeah I know I have this I'm rambling on
and it does amazing this video is
probably longer than what it should be
so before I you know scream so I'm gonna
go and play this right now and I will
tell you how I do how I feel about it so
I'll see you guys later guys are amazing
fans and yes I got something since
Relater for Christmas and all related
but guys Papa don't care about her I
just hadn't made a video on her because
you know she's my first chatty family
doll and I don't know this video is
actually longer than her opening video
and it's just a game so yeah bye before
I start rambling on I'll see you guys
later